Hahahaha
I heard right
What are you pretending to be stupid for?
You bow to others every day
The bottom of society who beg for food
Exit wildly defiant
10 million is you from Qin Shi Huang
The number that the base can't earn at first
What a summer bug
You poor loser
Use less language from others
Come on, you wasted a minute of my time today.
How to deal with it?
If you have any questions, please contact customer service?
I don't have time to hang out here with you
Yo
What is this hanging?
Isn't this big star Lin Mengdi?
You are his fan.
This p is quite realistic.
Give it back to me
You poor loser
I also want to marry a big star
You don't pee, just ask yourself if you deserve it or not
Your mom didn't tell you
Don't mess with other people's things?
You waste my time
Affect my money and destroy my mood
Just want to end it like that?
today
You give me this to eat dry wipe clean
Kneel down for me and kowtow three more times
Knock a little louder and I'll take you for a fart
Gently put
You let me go. What if I don't?
I can't help you.
You dare to hit me?
Do you feel that you have lived too long?
You dare to hit me, you wait to be fed
Lao Wang, someone's skin is tight
Come and give him an itch